Wow
what's going on bros girls today i'll be
doing an unboxing and overview of these
atomic floyd air jax in-ear headphones
with inline remote and i'm very excited
to take a look at these as they are
probably the most feature-rich and
advanced in years I've ever seen
everything from their trademark titanium
to ear hooks to their enormous 15mm ear
drivers and 1300 degrees Celsius molded
acoustic steel casing screams of
high-quality build and high performance
and that's not even half of their
features if you haven't heard of atomic
floyd they are a premium in your
headphone brand that have built their
reputation around making
well-constructed metal ims that produce
some of the most powerful sound in the
earphone market this is more reason why
I'm so pumped to take a look at these
and I can't wait to put these headphones
through their paces I will be doing a
full review of these in your monitors
once I get a good feel of how well they
perform so stay tuned for that and for
current pricing and availability I've
included some links for you down below
so first things first before getting to
the Box you see atomic floyd ships it
inside an additional layer of protection
in the sealed bag and case your mailman
decides to play some football in the
rain with your package before delivery
so I'll just take my penetration utensil
break the seal and get to the treasures
inside so now that we got that out of
the way for a quick tour around the box
on the front you have a close-up shot of
the product and I really like how they
gave the image a shiny glossy treat
minutes and they said touch and shows
attention to detail even just on a
packaging you also have the branding
underneath and this is the newer air
Jack's model with the sound control
remote and microphone above the photo
you got the headline that these
headphones main ingredient is metal the
left and right sides are both the same
you have more branding and headlines as
well as the website WWE Tom Oakley calm
opening up the front flap you see lots
more info about the product and greater
detail and you can pause the video and
rated for yourself if you'd like top
shows a sound graph comparison to other
open air in your headphones underneath
still is atomic floyd spruced-up formula
with their main three features to
achieve the best possible performance in
the air Jack's moving to the bottom we
see they have included many accessories
in the box and we'll get to it all in
just a moment when we unbox a product
the right side shows a nice bubble
windows showcasing the product with the
surrounding ring text saying world class
in your acoustics lastly is a
compatibility but I also tried it on an
android phone and most of the features
still do work finishing off the box atop
has the hang tag and moving to the back
you got a more detailed photos showing
the headphone jack in remote and you
also
have the 24 month / 2 year warranty last
of all on the bottom it just shows some
skews and info on atomic floyd so once
the unboxing there's just three tape
shields along the edges here that you
need to cut your first and once it's
very chopped up you just slip the top
window tray off the first thing we got
is the headphones themselves and they're
really nicely presented but we'll get
back to them in a moment but as usual we
got to finish in boxing accessories
first the next thing we have is another
well seal Bay gets foil on the front and
clear on the back so you know it's not
just the bag of rocks opening it up we
see it's the pocket pouch case for the
headphones but packed inside are the
additional accessories in the tiny bag
we have the grip side attached of the
hooks I go around the ears we also have
the dual plug flight adapter for all you
jet-setters the hex head tool for
adjusting the fit of the ear hooks and
the 3.5 millimeter to a quarter inch
adapter for high-end hi-fi stereos one
last look at the headphone pouch it's
made of a thick rubber and has the
atomic floyd branding on both sides the
last thing we got is your documentation
showing a model man sporting the air
Jack's presumably looking for some hot
babes to pick up and opening up the
first thing you'll probably notice is a
fancy-looking card this is a VIP card to
register your product and I'm assuming
it gives you additional benefits upon
registration moving along we have a
badass-looking mermaid person on the
right and the left shows are right up
about atomic floyd as a company opening
it up we have info on the three steps
and power system and opening the rest of
the flap shows some more products made
by atomic floyd with pretty much all of
them using their slick titanium alloy
materials back to the headphones you
just need to unravel them off the
surrounding ring and peel them off the
middle and once that's done you now have
your air jackson air full unbox glory
upon initial feel even though they are
made of a very durable metal they're
still fairly lightweight with most of
the weight probably being on the ear
hooks which actually helps balance the
weight since that part circles around
your ears so I'm confident these will
remain very comfortable after long
periods of use the back of the earbuds
houses the hex hole for adjustment of
the hooks which I will show you how to
adjust later on you can also see the
strain reliefs are very robust and
taking a look at the part that enters
the ear you see atomic floyd channels
their sound using air vents and a port
which upon initial listen i found really
does give a good base impact and i
haven't heard any distortion so far
moving to the court i really like how
they
use to materials with this top half
being a thermoplastic urethane which
reduces friction and eliminates any
noise hurting your earphones if they rub
against stuff on the left side of the
cord you see the sound control remote
and microphone and it has a full
controller for your music as well as for
calls on your mobile device it has a
nice aluminum finish to it and like
everything else on the headphones exudes
that high quality feel to it moving down
the cord you have the y splitter and the
grippy diamond cut to the adjustable
yoke is a nice classy touch zooming into
the splitter you see even little pieces
like this has some sharp attention to
detail on it with the brand and the text
sound reborn engraved around it the
second half of the cord is a
high-quality Kevlar reinforced fabric
braided material which as you can see
already has straightened up into an
almost rope like material so it's
clearly very anti tangle and lastly at
the end we have the 4-pole gold plated
metal headphone jack so like I said I
just want to give you guys a quick demo
on how to adjust that your hooks to
proper fit so you just take your hex
mini screwdriver tool and the head is
actually hidden within which you need to
unscrew the tool first to get at once
your hex tool is unsheath you just
insert it into the back side of the
earbuds and after insertion you loosen
it up by turning your tool
counterclockwise you don't have to
loosen it up too much because that will
unscrew it completely you just need to
loosen up enough so that you can adjust
your hooks to your desired position as
you can see you can ingest it up and
down side to side as well as you can
pivot them around plus or minus five
degree angle if you have gargantuan or
super tiny ears you can even Bend the
hooks themselves as they actually are
kind of flexible you can tighten her up
very tightly if you don't want the hooks
to move at all or you can loosen it up
just a tiny amount so you can still make
small adjustments on the fly so I hope
you guys all enjoy my unboxing overview
and adjustment tutorial of the atomic
floyd air Jack's with Ramon like I said
I am very excited to give these a full
test run for my review so keep an eye
out for that video which will be posted
in a week or two once I get a good feel
of these also let me know in the
comments if you've ever tried your hook
in your headphones I'd really like to
know your experience with them and I
think these hooks will be really
beneficial at the gym or going for a run
and if you did enjoy this video please
thumbs up share the video and subscribe
to my channel if you haven't already and
follow me on Twitter it would be much
appreciated
until next time you do the pace
mmm